Add `deploy-account` doc (#1105)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/08-interacting-with-starknet/03-deploy-account.md

# Creating account

## Overview

In order to create a new account, you need to deploy an account contract. StarkNet expects a certain interface from an account contract. [OpenZeppelin](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/main/src/openzeppelin/account/presets/Account.cairo) and [ArgentX](https://github.com/argentlabs/argent-contracts-starknet/blob/develop/contracts/account/ArgentAccount.cairo) provide account contract implementations that you can use.

> There are two ways of deploying a new account contract:

Reviewer: Aren't wallets (Argent, Braavos) deploying accounts?

Author: I think they use DEPLOY transactions. I'll mention the third, deprecated way in the doc.

Reviewer: I think they definitely shifted to deploy_account flow

Author: I created an ArgentX account on last Friday. They used DEPLOY tx. They couldn't create an account using the DEPLOY_ACCOUNT tx without prefunding it.

![Screen Shot 2022-11-07 at 14 16 29](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9629577/200319924-6fac2dbb-4f5a-4dba-a247-b5d8d8fe7151.png)

Author: I created an account recently with ArgentX and `DEPLOY` tx was used. I'd have to prefund the account to make the `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` tx accepted.

There's ~20 DEPLOY_ACCOUNT txs on the testnet.
https://testnet.starkscan.co/txs

- sending `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` transaction

> - using already deployed account contract and [UDC](https://community.starknet.io/t/universal-deployer-contract-proposal/1864)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- using already deployed account contract and deploying new one via [the Universal Deployer Contract](https://community.starknet.io/t/universal-deployer-contract-proposal/1864).
```

## Sending `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` transaction 

Protostar allows you to send the `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` transaction from the CLI by calling the [`deploy-account` command](/docs/cli-reference#deploy-account).
However, before you send such transaction you need to:

> 1. find class hash of the account contract you want to be deployed and supports `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` transaction

Reviewer: Please use sentences here

Author: [use sentences; mention deploy tx](https://github.com/software-mansion/protostar/pull/1105/commits/bdc015aba105ebf8d7d7d82d5df2b1cd6d50fff7)

> 1. find class hash of the account contract you want to be deployed and supports `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` transaction

Reviewer: How can I find it?

Author: No idea

Reviewer: I think @Arcticae or @Solpatium can know. Adding this information is definitely a must here because people will ask us on Discord otherwise.

Author: I think it's the responsibility of the entity that declared the contract to make that information easily accessible.

Author: [explain how to find the class hash](https://github.com/software-mansion/protostar/pull/1105/commits/5aaab0c89c02292b87917430c3bbe0fecb2df387)

> 2. [calculate the account contract address](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang/blob/ed6cf8d6cec50a6ad95fa36d1eb4a7f48538019e/src/starkware/starknet/services/api/gateway/contract_address.py#L12)

Reviewer: I know this is not trivial but I would love to see here an embedded interactive address calculator widget 🤔

Author: https://github.com/software-mansion/protostar/issues/1107

This widget should be on the official StarkNet website.

Reviewer: Yeah it should, but this does not mean we shouldn't also provide one. Take into account that Protostar is the front for newcomers to Starknet, our docs should be pleasant for them.

Author: It's also a security risk. That widget could be a point of attacks.

> 3. [prefund the account contract](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/Ecosystem/ref_operational_info/#bridged_tokens)

Reviewer: Linked docs do not say how to do it. Take into account that potential user might only have Protostar CLI accessible.

Author: I'm ambiguous on purpose. There are no official docs for `DEPLOY_ACCOUNT` transaction that describes this flow.

Reviewer: Hmm somebody has to know how to do this 🤔 We should ask people

Author: I should've linked the token bridge doc instead.
https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/L1-L2_Communication/token-bridge/
